docs(related-projects): add the gradle lighthouse plugin (#9789)
GoogleChrome/lighthouse: readme.md

Other awesome open source projects that use Lighthouse.

* **[Exthouse](https://github.com/treosh/exthouse)** - Analyze the impact of a browser extension on web performance.
* **[Garie](https://github.com/boyney123/garie)** - An open source tool for monitoring performance using Lighthouse,  PageSpeed Insights, [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), [Grafana](https://grafana.com/) and [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).
* **[Gimbal](https://labs.moduscreate.com/gimbal-web-performance-audit-budgeting)** - An [open source (MIT licensed)](https://github.com/ModusCreateOrg/gimbal) tool used to measure, analyze, and budget aspects of a web application. Gimbal also integrates reports with GitHub pull requests.

> * **[Gradle Lighthouse Plugin](https://github.com/Cognifide/gradle-lighthouse-plugin)** - An open source Gradle Lighthouse Plugin that runs Lighthouse tests on multiple sites / web pages with checking thresholds (useful on continuous integration, constant performance checking).

Reviewer: `multiple sites / web pages`

nit: unless the tool has some way of classifying and handling "sites" vs "web pages", would you consider just picking one for the blurb?

Reviewer 2: I think the author just borrowed this text from the project's readme :)

```suggestion
* **[Gradle Lighthouse Plugin](https://github.com/Cognifide/gradle-lighthouse-plugin)** - An open source Gradle plugin that runs Lighthouse tests on multiple URLs and asserts category score thresholds (useful in continuous integration).
```

SGTM
